# Ultimate-Guide-to-Planning-your-Road-Trips-from-Delhi
Delhi is edge by Aravalli ranges in the west and Yamuna River in the east. It is the capital city of India that unfolds stories of revenge, sacrifice, and love before tourists. This centre of government activities is full of people from different backgrounds, and it does not showcase a specific culture. There are many destinations around, which are famous for mountains and hills.   The Wonders of Delhi for Weekend Trips    Nearest places for Citizens Local people often wish to celebrate the end of their week with a visit to some new weekend getaway, away from the rush. Delhi has good connectivity with many tourist attraction that refreshes the mind and soul. You can reach some of the weekend destinations easily from the Metro. Nearest Places are Mathura UP, Vrindavan UP, Jim Corbett National Park, Haridwar Uttarakhand Hrishikesh Uttarakhand, and Agrain UP.   Child-centric Places Children want to go out, and it can be any place away from their school. What can we gift our children?In short vacation over a weekend to places that still have land to play with and also learn some new things.There are a lot of places that can prove to be ideal for children.Children weekend places are Bharatpur Bird Sanctuary, Udaipur, Manesar, Sultanpur Bird Sanctuary, and Pratapgrah Farm.   Budgetary Places For all metropolitan citizens, &lt;a href="https://www.trapes.in">weekend getaway&lt;/a> breaks away from the city are becoming a must-to-have part of life. If we manage the travel properly, the cost of travel is very less than what we spend on shopping. There are a lot of places that are ideal for the break from Delhi and are possible on a budget. Budgetary getaways are Corbett National Park, Agra and many places in Uttarakhand.   Monsoon Specials There are a lot of places in and around the Capital, where you can enjoy monsoon. Just to enjoy rains many people bunk their office and plan a quick trip. Monsoon weekend getaway is Okhla bird sanctuary, Mushroom commercial hub, Dhanchauli Uttarakhand.   Cool Places for summer You have some excellent and exotic hill stations with some adventure activities. Yes, these adventure activities can play an important role in to enjoy your summer holidays near Delhi. Make your trip memorable.Here are some of the best places to enjoy summer adventure activities by making road trips from Delhi. Wildlife Safari in Corbetto National Park, Raffling in Hrishikesh and Adventure Trekking.   Art lover Places If you are an art lover and have moved from another city to Delhi, here are some nice places to visit.The National Gallery of Modern Art, Exhibit 320, Kiran Nadar Museum of Art, Art Positive, Nature Morte, Vedehra Art Gallery, Art Mall, Indira Gandhi Centre for Art and Latitude 28.   Famous Temples New Delhi has gifted the capital city with many religious places. There are many temples in Delhi. There is a population of Hindu, Jain and Buddhist temples in Delhi along with a small number of shrines that belong to different beliefs. We want to have a look at some of the most exotic temples in this area, and these temples are an important part of the culture and history of the city. List of Delhi Temples is Bhairon Temple, Akshardham Temple, Hanuman Mandir, Connaught Place, Gauri Shankar Temple, Sai Baba Temple and Uttara Swami Malai Mandir.   Best Adventure Treks The most obvious idea come to our mind to spend a weekend at the nearby resort and plan a short day outing.There are many trekking places here. The list covers Nag tibba, Chopta Chandrashila, Dayara Bugal, Dodital Trek, Beas Kund Trek, Bhrigu Lake Trek, Hampta Circle Trek, Kareri Lake Trek and Triund Trek.   Heritage Places Delhi tourism includes the city with great history, empire, religion and priceless monuments. This place reflects the past and contemporary style. There is a perfect retreat for all age people for road trips from Delhi. The entire North India is known for heritage places, and the Capital City is not an exception.   Some excited heritage spots in Delhi are Qutab Minar- the Tallest Minaret in India, Purana Qila-famous for Spectacular Sound and Light Show. Lodhi Garden- offers Serene Hideaway from City life, Red Fort- the Pride of India, Jama Masjid- the Biggest Mosque in India.   How to arrange these Road Trips? Arriving by Rail and bus in a vast city like this can be very confusing for tourists.  Many people will try to pick you up right from railway entrance and demanding high charges.It includes Auto as well as Taxi. Also, there are many transport facilities such as bus and Metro, but it might create confusion, or you may reach your destination late.Taxi is a better option to use in Delhi to avoid a lot of rush, be comfortable and with no worries about the traffic.   To avoid confusion and save time as well as money on a &lt;a href="https://www.trapes.in">road trip from Delhi,&lt;/a> it is the better to book an online taxi, which takes you to the dream destination on time. You can always compare the travelling costs with different online service providers. Sometimes you get best deals and discounts also. 
